Adding both update-user-profile.md and user-registration.md (#87)
plantanapp/documentation: docs/actions/update-user-profile.md

## `Typical Use Cases`

- Use on a form that allows users to update their User Profile.
- Use in a custom User Management Grid to update a selected user's profile.

## `Don't use it to`

- Create a new user. Use [User Registration](/docs/actions/user-registration) instead.

## `Related Actions`

| Action Name | Description |
| -- | -- |
| [User Registration](/docs/actions/user-registration) | Creates a new user. Use in conjunction with Update User Profile to capture all data from a registration form in the correct place in the database. |
| [Send Email](/docs/actions/send-email) | Sends an email to one or multiple recipients. Use to notify a user of the profile update. |

## `Input Parameter Reference`

The parameters unique to this action are listed below. [Review the common parameters for all actions here](/docs/actions/common-parameters).

| Parameter | Description | Supports Tokens | Default | Required |
| -- | -- | -- | -- | -- |
| User Identifier | The user identifier (UserId, username, or email) that you want to update. Leave empty to update the current user. | Yes | `empty string` | No |

> | Password Field | Select a form field from the dropdown to update the password of the user or use expressions (`EXPR` button) to input a custom password or a token. | Yes | Not Selected | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Password Field | Select a form field from the dropdown to update the user's password or use expressions (`EXPR` button) to input a custom password or a token. | Yes | Not Selected | No |
```

| Also update Display Name with | Select a form field from the dropdown to update the Display Name of the user or use expressions (`EXPR` button) to input a custom display name or a token. | Yes | Not Selected | No |

> | Update Email with | Select a form field from the dropdown to update the Email of the user or use expressions (`EXPR` button) to use a token. | Yes | Not Selected | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Update Email with | Select a form field from the dropdown to update the user's Email or use expressions (`EXPR` button) to use a token. | Yes | Not Selected | No |
```
